When would you want to create a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?
When I want to access my files remotely from a different computer or when someone else wants to add to my existing files
Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?
Because I may be working on something particular & won't want to copy those remote files untill I am done working on them
Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one instead of another?
Branch- It works on one repo. It can be done both on local m/c as well as remote
Clone-It works on more than one repo. It means getting a working repo on local m/c from remote location. Also it can be used to copy a repo from current location on local m/c to another location on the same m/c
Fork - Its same as cloning a repo but on GitHub (remote)
What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?
The benefit is that when I work on the last known state, & then when I try to pull/fetch changes from remote, I can come to know about the changes made remotely & locally using git log/git diff. Using that I can then merge the two versions together
How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier, and what would be harder?
Collaborating without git & github would become very much chaotic & messy. It would mean making one change at a time & not doing the work parallelly or simultaneously, resulting in larger development time. Using git/github would definitely be easier
When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in master? What benefits does each approach have?
I would do this when I am working on a new feature & would not want to afftect the working of master branch before getting it approved by others. It offers the benefit of having a working master even when theres bug in my new changes. I wouldn't create a separate branch when there's no logical change being made by me like adding just a Readme/document or something thats got nothing to do with code